while out either internet people it's Bo
a gallon so today we are going to talk
about numbers and mixed messaging I was
out and about today I was out and about
I ran into people who should not be out
and about and I asked them like what are
you doing out right now
well it's only 0.2% chance
persons in my demographic healthy my age
realize that's the problem that's when
people are ignoring the advice of
medical professionals 0.2 percent that
means you got a ninety-nine point eight
percent chance of being cool when you
say it like that I get it
you got a 99 point 8 on an exam he'd be
pretty happy let's talk about what that
actually means I want you to picture a
Walmart everybody knows what a Walmart
looks like two sets of doors right
everybody that enters has to enter
through the right door and there's
somebody standing there and they're
counting out every 500th person if
you're their 500th person nothing
happens to you right then you don't know
go on about your day but when you leave
through the left side bang you're done
it's over would you still go to Walmart
to get your Twinkies or coke or whatever
it is that's so important probably not
because it's immediate now the reality
is most projections are only saying 4050
percent are going to catch it so the
number is closer to one in a thousand
but I'm willing to bet you still
wouldn't go not if it was immediate
follow the advice of the medical
professionals not the advice of your
favorite politician on Twitter it's not
a hoax it's not mass hysteria
it's not a plot to undermine capitalism
its reality you can follow the advice of
people who have absolutely no training
in this or the advice of the people who
have trained for this their entire lives
well some of their you know some of the
medical professionals are differing on
what to say on what you should do go by
the most strict you're talking about
your life if you don't have a reason to
go out don't go out
now because of what I say on this
channel versus what shows up on Twitter
or Instagram or wherever I have been
accused of mixed messaging you telling
people to stay home but you're not
staying home are you Bo you big
hypocrite
you're right I'm not my wife is a
medical professional she's going to be
exposed to this probably gonna contract
it which means I'm going to be exposed
to it I'm I am in that one in five
hundred no matter what if I'm gonna go
out I would rather go out serving
something greater than myself so yes
today I was at Walmart buying handheld
radios and lights for a rural medical
facility went and did grocery deliveries
for seniors so they could stay home I
yeah that's me I'm doing that but I'm
self isolating the rest of the time get
home take a shower every time I get out
in and out of the car wash my hands I'm
doing everything I can but I have a need
to go out if you don't have a need stay
home there's no reason to risk your life
over this not the economy isn't that
important
don't use me as a reason to to violate
the self-isolation idea don't do that
I'm kind of dumb all right
I'm kind of dumb you have to determine
your own level of involvement if you are
not truly comfortable with one in five
hundred or whatever your demographic is
and in some cases it is one in ten stay
home stay this is gonna be going on for
a while so get used to it now understand
that those numbers it's not an exam it's
not a grade on an exam it's your life it
is your life do you trust your life to
politicians who have no training and are
only concerned about their portfolios or
do you trust your life to people who
have dedicated their entire lives to the
study of this exact subject health care
professionals are not your enemy they
have portfolios too
this is the moment where you get to
decide you know there's a whole bunch of
people that run around carrying a gun
wanting to be a hero you can be a hero
right now by staying home not exposing
people stay home
wash your hands self distancing follow
the advice of the medical professionals
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night